[EDGE] Edge 2025 release updates (#2880)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/edge-kubernetes/installing-edge-on-k8-bundle/prerequisites.md

|Helm version 3.x|Refer to [Installing Helm](https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/) for the installation instructions.|

> |Disk space|Three static Persistent Volumes (PV) or a StorageClass configured with dynamic provisioning to bind.<p style="margin: 0; padding-left: 2em;">- 75 GB for the Persistent Volume Claim (PVC) made for MongoDB (configurable through the Custom Resource).<p style="margin: 0; padding-left: 2em;">- 10 GB for the Persistent Volume Claim (PVC) made for the Private Registry to host custom microservices.<p style="margin: 0; padding-left: 2em;">- 5 GB for the Persistent Volume Claim (PVC) made for application logs.</p><p><p>If the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} Messaging Service is enabled, which is required for enabling the microservice-based data broker and Notifications 2.0, an additional three static Persistent Volumes (PV) or a StorageClass configured with dynamic provisioning to bind.</p><p style="margin: 0; padding-left: 2em;">- 10 GB for the Persistent Volume Claim (PVC) made for Pulsar Bookkeeper Ledgers.<p style="margin: 0; padding-left: 2em;">- 2 GB for the Persistent Volume Claim (PVC) made for Pulsar Bookkeeper Journal.<p style="margin: 0; padding-left: 2em;">- 2 GB for the Persistent Volume Claim (PVC) made for Pulsar Zookeeper.</p><br>For more information about configuring the storage, see [Configuring storage](/edge-kubernetes/installing-edge-on-k8/#configuring-storage).|

Reviewer: Similar comment about 'intimidating wording' w.r.t. messaging provisioning. Best reword or link to existing wording, whatever you decide.

USER_NAME=$(whoami)
USER_HOME=$(eval echo ~${USER_NAME})
sudo sh -c '
   touch /etc/sysctl.d/90-kubelet.conf  && \
   sed -i "/^vm\.panic_on_oom=/d; /^vm\.overcommit_memory=/d; /^kernel\.panic=/d; /^kernel\.panic_on_oops=/d" /etc/sysctl.d/90-kubelet.conf && \
   printf "vm.panic_on_oom=0\nvm.overcommit_memory=1\nkernel.panic=10\nkernel.panic_on_oops=1\n" | tee -a /etc/sysctl.d/90-kubelet.conf && \

   sysctl -p /etc/sysctl.d/90-kubelet.conf && \

   curl -sfL https://get.k3s.io | INSTALL_K3S_VERSION=v1.25.13+k3s1 sh -s - \
      --write-kubeconfig-mode 644 \
      --disable=traefik \
      --protect-kernel-defaults true \

   mkdir -p '"$USER_HOME"'/.kube && \
   cp /etc/rancher/k3s/k3s.yaml '"$USER_HOME"'/.kube/config && \
   chown '"$USER_NAME:"' '"$USER_HOME"'/.kube/config && \
   chmod 600 '"$USER_HOME"'/.kube/config && \

   printf "\e[32mSuccessfully installed k3s!\e[0m\n" && \

>    k3s crictl pull rancher/klipper-lb:v0.4.4 && \

Reviewer: How sure are you that this is necessary? I just did a k3s install of 1.25.13 (without those arguments), and all of them were already present:
```
root@rit-Latitude-7330:~# k3s crictl images
IMAGE                                        TAG                 IMAGE ID            SIZE
docker.io/rancher/klipper-lb                 v0.4.4              af74bd845c4a8       4.92MB
docker.io/rancher/local-path-provisioner     v0.0.24             b29384aeb4b13       14.9MB
docker.io/rancher/mirrored-coredns-coredns   1.10.1              ead0a4a53df89       16.2MB
docker.io/rancher/mirrored-metrics-server    v0.6.3              817bbe3f2e517       29.9MB
docker.io/rancher/mirrored-pause             3.6                 6270bb605e12e       301kB
```

Author: One of the customers iTac, complained about this (K3s downloads klipper-lb, metrics-server and local-path provisioner images when the workloads requiring them are deployed) and in our tests we saw that these images were indeed downloaded at runtime.

For configuration options, see [K3s configuration options](https://docs.k3s.io/installation/configuration).

> - Added `--disable=traefik` in the install command to disable Traefik to avoid port conflicts between Traefik and cumulocity-ontoplb service, as both are LoadBalancer type services which expose port 443.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added `--disable=traefik` in the install command to disable Traefik to avoid port conflicts between Traefik and cumulocity-ontoplb service, as both are load-balancer type services which expose port 443.
```
